[SSL, WAF] Explain security features in DCV validation path (#13746)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/waf/troubleshooting/faq.md

{{</faq-answer>}}
{{</faq-item>}}

{{<faq-item>}}
{{<faq-question level=3 text="Why are some rules bypassed when I did not create an exception?" >}}

{{<faq-answer>}}

> If you have [SSL/TLS certificates](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/) managed by Cloudflare, every time a certificate is issued or renewed, a [domain control validation (DCV)](/ssl/edge-certificates/changing-dcv-method/dcv-flow/) must happen. When a certificate is in `pending_validation` state and there are valid DCV tokens in place, some security features will be automatically disabled on specific DCV paths (for example, `/.well-known/pki-validation/` and `/.well-known/acme-challenge/`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have [SSL/TLS certificates](/ssl/) managed by Cloudflare, every time a certificate is issued or renewed, a [domain control validation (DCV)](/ssl/edge-certificates/changing-dcv-method/dcv-flow/) must happen. When a certificate is in `pending_validation` state and there are valid DCV tokens in place, some Cloudflare security features such as [custom rules](/waf/custom-rules/) and [WAF Managed Rules](/waf/managed-rules/) will be automatically disabled on specific DCV paths (for example, `/.well-known/pki-validation/` and `/.well-known/acme-challenge/`).
```
